added contribution guidelines (#246)
availproject/op-evm: README.md

If you feel some important limitations are not covered, please check out our [Contributing section](https://github.com/availproject/op-evm#contributing) and open an issue or a PR. 

## Contribution Guidelines

### Rules

> Avail welcomes contributors from anywhere and from any kind of education or skill level. We strive to create a community of developers that is welcoming, friendly and right. We welcome contributions to the OpEVM project. If you find any issues, have suggestions for improvements, or would like to contribute new features, please open a GitHub issue or submit a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avail welcomes contributors from every background and skill level. Our mission is to build a community that's not only welcoming and friendly but also aligned with the best development practices. Interested in contributing to the OpEVM project? Whether you've spotted an issue, have improvement ideas, or want to add new features, we'd love to have your input. Simply open a GitHub issue or submit a pull request to get started.
```

> 1. Before asking any questions regarding how the project works, please read through all the documentation and install the project on your own local machine to try it and understand how it basically works. Please ask your questions in open channels (Github and TG).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before raising a question, please take the initiative to read the [official documentation](https://docs.availproject.org/). We recommend installing the project on your local machine to get a hands-on understanding. If questions arise, feel free to ask in our open channels on [GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/availproject/discussions) and Telegram.
```

Author: In the case of op-evm contributions doesn't it make sense to ask to look the project's documentation?

> 2. Before starting to work on an issue, you need to get the approval of one of the maintainers/team members. Therefore please ask to be assigned to an issue. If you don't but you still raise a PR for that issue, your PR can be rejected. This is a form of respect for the other contributors who could have already started to work on the same problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To work on an issue, first, get approval from a maintainer or team member. You can request to be assigned by commenting on the issue in GitHub. This respects the efforts of others who may already be working on the same issue. Unapproved PRs may be declined.
```

> 3. When you ask to be assigned to an issue, it means that you are ready to work on it. When you get assigned, take the lock and then you disappear, you are not respecting the other contributors who could be able to work on that. So, after having been assigned, you have a week of time to deliver your first draft PR or reach out with any issues regrading the issue. After that time has passed without any notice, you will be unassigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When assigned to an issue, it's expected that you're ready to actively work on it. After assignment, please provide a draft PR or update within one week. If you encounter delays, communicate with us to maintain your assignment.
```

> 4. If you have a new feature idea or you spot a bug you would like to fix, feel free to open up an issue with the tag [New Feature] or [Bug], someone from the team would review it and you'll get assigned to work on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Got an idea or found a bug? Open an issue with the tags [New Feature] or [Bug]. Provide detailed information like reproduction steps (for bugs) or a basic feature proposal. The team will review and potentially assign you to it.
```

> 5. Once you started working on an issue and you have some work to share and discuss with us, please raise a draft PR early with incomplete changes. This way you can continue working on the same and we can track your progress and actively review and help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Start a draft PR early in your development process, even with incomplete changes. This allows us to track progress, provide timely reviews, and assist you. Expect feedback on your drafts periodically.
```

Reviewer: This also seems a bit repetitive with point 3
